The black ice boat. It is powered by a propeller on top that blows backward. It is a rescue vehicle for a victim who fell into an ice lake.
A man is being interviewed. The wall behind him is covered with shark teeth.
A scene in an office, with a circular table in the middle and a circular table surrounding it. Several people are sitting and working in front of large screens placed on these circular tables. The information board on one person's screen reads "FLIGHT DYNAMICS" when read backwards. Several people are clapping their hands in celebration.
A doctor/nurse is examining a patient's eyes with a machine called CLARUS. The patient is wearing a blue gown. The doctor/nurse ends with a shot of the doctor/nurse's hand adjusting a joystick with a glowing blue circle.
A scene from a supermarket in an area where bags of rice are sold. There is a bag of Japonica rice labeled "Neptune", and a price tag next to it.
A radiation incident response drill. There is a person in yellow and blue clothes lying on the ground wearing a mask. There is a fire brigade using a fire extinguisher to spray smoke. There are two people in blue protective suits carrying a victim on a stretcher.
A soccer match between Uzbekistan and North Korea. One team is wearing all white and the other is wearing all blue. North Korea is awarded a penalty kick.
Vietnam - Japan Festival. There are Japanese lanterns and Wagasa umbrellas in the festival. There is a picture of a giant robot cat Doraemon and people around taking pictures with him. There is a picture of a Japanese band playing traditional instruments on stage. And some interviews with festival participants.
Opera performance. There is a stage with opera actors. Below the stage there are many spectators, mostly students wearing red scarves.
Girl is given a bouquet of flowers, then crowned. A grand stage with a golden floor. There are quite a few people on the stage and a large golden statue, the same color as the stage floor. Below the stage there are many people standing taking pictures.
Food festival. There are many people using virtual reality devices. There is an interviewee wearing a pink shirt, with a pink backdrop behind.
A hand is holding a small jar containing something inside. A man is holding a small circular piece of glass and is examining it. A pair of tongs is holding a thin square piece of material.
A player and his teammates are celebrating after scoring a goal. The player running to celebrate after scoring a goal is wearing the number 7 shirt. There is a player wearing the number 9 shirt patting the player wearing the number 7 on the back.
A wall with a painting of environmental protection. On the wall is a drawing of a dolphin and a sea turtle.
A representation of a globe. Focuses on the Antarctic region on this globe.
A woman is shopping for blankets in a shopping mall. The woman is being interviewed. The woman has a mole under her left eye.
Scene 1 Rice field, there is a red and white rice cutting cart. There are two people on the cart, the taller one is wearing a red hat. There is a group of people carrying sacks.
Red, yellow, and blue food boxes are arranged in the shape of a bear. These boxes are assembled into different shapes such as giraffes and birds.
The trees fell to the left, where a strong current was running through. There was a group of rescuers in a black boat. There was a person in the boat wearing a red shirt and a white mask with his back to the camera. There was a dog in the boat. And everyone got off the boat.
There are 3 cars, grey, black and blue, lined up at an airport in France. There is a blue car, in the distance there is a sign with the name of the airport, the first word is "NANTES"
Image from a camera on a car recording the journey. There is a yellow sign "COM BINH DAN" in red letters. The camera shows the car moving on another stretch of road. There is a person wearing a black shirt with a pink suitcase standing on the right side.
A girl runs and jumps and spins in the air. She spins around a bar. The girl is wearing a blue shirt. She is performing in a competition.
A scene of a ceremony, on the stage there are many people. The person on the left is also wearing a white dress and is holding a tray with a red and yellow cloth. Next to that, every other person there is a person wearing a similar outfit. In the middle of the group of people is a person wearing a yellow dress and a black skirt. Stage fireworks are burning. The person in the yellow dress earlier is holding 2 green mangoes.
There were a lot of trucks, most of them white. The picture was blurry because of the shaking, like the phone was moving while filming. There were a few people waving flags of some country.
A dog is wagging its tail. The dog's head is covered by a wooden door. It is a refrigerator. There is a person feeding the dog.
A red sign reading "Tan Xuan Van Hanh". A girl in red praying. And a close-up of sparrows.
A TV/computer screen. The content on the screen is a web application. There is an image of a cat sitting on a chair and holding a piece of paper on the web page.
A train runs on the tracks in the center of the frame, with vehicles waiting behind a barrier on either side. Four people are pulling the barrier shut.
Art exhibition. In this exhibition there is a painting of a woman putting on eye makeup in front of a mirror.
A scene of police officers standing around a man in a light brown shirt (with a tattoo on his arm). On the police side, there are two men in black shirts. Others are wearing yellow reflective vests. Someone is holding a phone to record. The scene zooms in on a police officer working.
There are many trees planted along the wall of a shop with a Chinese sign. These trees are planted in pots made from car tires.
A scene of a man on horseback riding alongside two people on a motorbike on an empty lot.
Two children in yellow shirts are sitting on a cyclo. One is at the pedal position and the other is sitting in front.
A close-up of a chess tournament in Ho Chi Minh City on "Table 2". The empty area for the stopwatch between the two chess boards.
A man caught a yellow jellyfish in the sea. He gave the jellyfish to another man in the boat.
A traffic policeman is removing a taxi sign from the roof of an illegally operating taxi.
Model of the largest ceramic house in Vietnam at a spring flower festival.
Scene of people walking on wooden shoes and touching the ground with three stakes on each shoe. A herd of sheep passes by. Interview with a person wearing a beige jacket and white shirt underneath.
An area decorated with many LED lights. These LED lights are decorated with shapes like lotus flowers, butterflies, spiders, or Halloween pumpkins. There is a person wearing a long coat and glasses taking pictures in the butterfly shaped area. There is a boy taking pictures with a pentagonal sphere with green lights inside.
A bait is being dropped into the water. The bait looks like a silver fish. A person is making a motion of raising and lowering a fishing rod. This person is wearing a white hat. There are many people fishing around. Someone has caught a fish and the fish is struggling as it is hooked.
Scene of a bicycle race, the three leading riders wear blue; green; red, yellow and black jerseys respectively. The race is going through a corner with a sign reading "70th Anniversary of DIEN BIEN PHU VICTORY". The word Dien Bien Phu has a rainbow gradient from right to left.
There is a picture with a green background. On the picture is the word "BACK VIEW" written by hand.
A dress made by piecing together small pieces of fabric, each small piece of fabric shaped like a pair of butterfly wings.
There is a series of colored drawings. The pictures are set in a courtroom. There is an American flag in one of the pictures.
man in a black shirt with short hair is installing or adjusting a metal panel on the underside of an aircraft. Frontal and close-up photo of the man.
There is a man wearing glasses and jeans being interviewed. He has a handgun tucked into the back of his pants. The gun is clearly visible in the photo and he is making a gesture of putting his hand in his pocket.
A white bull model on a float in a festival. Smoke is coming out of the bull's nostrils.
white-haired man stepped out, holding a black-framed glass door in his hand. In front of him was a multicolored flag, including red, yellow, and green. Several microphones were raised near the man. Among them was a green microphone. A close-up of the man's face.
A flower field. There is a man in a white shirt and a green hat digging the ground. A man standing and taking a picture of a man sitting.
A drone show featured a panda in the sky. The drones also performed a number formation.
The cockpit of a sea vehicle is blue. The control screen has a number that varies between 210 and 212.
People in blue uniforms with yellow belts were dancing with dragons. There was a group of people beating drums. There was a person in a white and black dress playing a guitar. The guitar had only one string.
A white teddy bear is lying face down on a digital scale. There is a camera lens taking a picture of the small animal.
A gas station. A man was going out to fill up a customer's tank. A man ran away because another car crashed into the gas station. The collision caused a gas pump in the middle to fall forward.
Scene from a flycam of a bridge in Ho Chi Minh City, Bitexco building. And image of Hoan Kiem Lake in Hanoi.
A motorbike with its kickstand up, no mirrors, parked next to and parallel to the median after causing a traffic accident. The scene of this motorbike being taken into a traffic police car.
Scene of a person climbing a tree to pick fruit, 1 person in green shirt and 1 person in black shirt standing below to support, This is a durian tree. There is a durian packing factory.
A festival in the country. In this festival, there are 2 dragons sailing on the river. There is a person wearing yellow clothes like ancient kings holding a brown paper reading.
Scene in a classroom, the board below the classroom is decorated on the wall with 5 large flowers clearly visible in the order of blue, orange, yellow, green, red.
There is an Apple logo. Below the logo is the text "robyns" in the same size as the logo.
There is a series of colored drawings. The pictures are set in a courtroom. There is an American flag in one of the pictures.
There are people taking pictures next to a temperature board outside. The top is Fahrenheit, the bottom is Celsius.
A man is being interviewed at a festival. Behind him is a purple bird-shaped decoration.
Scene from the Christmas lectures at the Royal Academy of England. There is a female robot wearing a Christmas hat (red and white). This robot also does some painting.
Scene from a dog show in the US, including a dog wearing a hat shaped like a hamburger, and a dog wearing a hat shaped like a blue crown.
A fashion show scene with many female models, wearing white or beige clothes. The fashion show takes place on an island in an African country. There is a view of the blue sky and sea at the hotel where the show takes place.
Christmas festival scene in Ho Chi Minh City. There is a man wearing a Santa Claus hat standing and taking a photo in front of a blue Christmas tree. The tree has the word Star on it. On the left of the frame is a woman wearing black, holding a large gift in her arms. In the middle is a blue LED Christmas tree.
The introduction scene of the movie Dau Be Mua Xua. There are different scenes of the episode, including a scene of two actors, one standing and one tied up lying on the floor. The movie title "Dau Be Mua Xua" along with the showtime is displayed on the frame, specifically "episode 32 at 7:30 p.m., December 19, 2023"
Scenes of economic growth in the United States. There is a scene of the US Capitol building, followed by a picture of a chain printing $100 bills. There are scenes of people in a supermarket, as well as scenes of assembling a motor vehicle with very large wheels.
A picture of Christmas in a city in Europe. There are decorative lights above the streets between the buildings. There are decorative lights in the shape of fish, cubes with a red gem in the middle. There is a picture of a Christmas tree with lots of lights wrapped around it.
Many women wearing ao dai, holding conical hats, are standing in an area with many leaves and lotus flowers. The ao dai have lotus motifs. The fabric of the ao dai often has a checkered pattern.
A group of people are moving on the street. The scene is an interview with a man wearing a hat backwards. Behind him is a man carrying a child on his shoulder. To the left of this man is a girl, as she moves, she looks towards the interview camera. During the movement, there is a guide dressed like a police officer.
A woman stood in front of a check-in screen, which displayed a red line of text and the information below was divided into three columns. There was a piece of paper with information on it, on the paper there was a black strip containing many characters, the last four of which were "4990".
A scene of heavy snowfall, with only a faint line of trees visible on the left side of the frame. A scene of a tree in the middle of the frame with two wires in the foreground. A scene of cars covered in snow. Most snow scenes show the road surface covered. A scene showing information about the temperature and time.
The crowded street with many people wearing white shirts, holding flags in their hands and raising them high. Large balls are bouncing up and down in the area where the people are standing. Shot from above, the street is seen to be divided into two small branches by a building. People below continue to bounce the balls. On the left side of the frame, there is a girl wearing a white dress standing on a balcony, waving a flag in both hands.
Shot of high heels on display. Each pair is surrounded by a piece of cloth with gold and red trim from the inside out. Full view of the shoes.
Food shots. There is a shot of a plate of food with shrimp and four slices of lemon on top, with a slice of red pepper placed in the middle for decoration. There is a salad on the side. The salad has small pieces of red and white dragon fruit cut into pieces.
A scene of an iPhone with three rear cameras, placed on a piece of paper lying on a table. Next to it is another phone, of unknown make. A person sitting in front of a silver laptop, equipped with a keyboard with a numeric keypad. On the right side of the laptop is a brand logo, but it is not clearly visible. The person is using a white piece of paper as a mouse pad.
A robot is playing a musical instrument by using two sticks in its hands to strike the strings.
There were five people dressed as bananas walking forward holding a banner. They were standing in line in front of a "National Stadium".
Shot of a person stacking bread dough on a table. The person begins to sweep a substance onto the dough. A shot of the person and the dough, along with two people in white shirts behind them. The dough is stacked in three columns. How many times did the person sweep from right to left of the frame while sweeping the dough in the middle? A shot of a person stacking bread dough on a table. The person then begins to sweep a substance onto the dough. The shot cuts to full, showing the person and the dough, along with two people in white shirts behind them. The dough is stacked in three columns. How many times did the person sweep from right to left of the frame while sweeping the dough in the middle? A shot of a person stacking bread dough on a table. The person then begins to sweep a substance onto the dough. The shot cuts to full, showing the person and the dough, along with two people in white shirts behind them. The dough is stacked in three columns.
Bronze statue of a female martial artist in standing position, holding onto her belt. On the left chest is a circular logo/badge.
A Santa Claus delivers presents at an aquarium. A shark swims by, with Santa wearing scuba gear in the background.
A car race. Several adults drive small, motorless children's cars downhill.
A Japanese monk calls out a large character on a square frame. The character, 税 (zei), translates to "tax" in Vietnamese.
Scene from a fashion show. The first model walks out wearing a red outfit, holding a musical instrument.
Man in a white hooded jacket threw something into the air twice. There were three flags hanging on a building, each with yellow stars. A man in a white jacket threw something into the air. A firecracker was fired.
A table is displaying some objects such as: a calligraphy with the folk painting Vinh hoa - Phu quy (Boy holding a chicken); some water puppets, one of which is holding a drumstick and making a drumming motion; and some paper fans.
Dragon dance performance. A yellow dragon is circling a person in a dinosaur costume. The person in the dinosaur costume is standing on the shoulders of another person.
Small diagram on the road surface, with the word "Plowmarks" and two arrows pointing up. Below the word, there is a circled number "1". There is a circle drawn around a triangle, with one corner of the triangle pointing at a nearby car. The scene with the word "Plowmarks" reappears.
A red passenger bus burned to the frame on the road. The photo is vertically scaled. The bus started burning in the evening.
Scene of supporting workers to find jobs after Tet in Ho Chi Minh City. Scene of interviewing a girl wearing a red shirt and glasses. Behind is a standee presenting recruitment information, containing a QR code.
Scene of Christmas in a European city. There are decorative lights above the streets between the buildings. There are decorative lights in the shape of fish, cubes with a red gem in the middle. There is an image of a Christmas tree with many lights wrapped around it.
A cycling race in Da Nang. The award ceremony for Arab cyclist Tadej Pogacar. The cyclist wears a yellow jersey, with a giant yellow jersey in the background.
Flood rescue scene. Several people in raincoats stand in the foreground, behind them is a rescue vehicle with flashing blue lights. On the right side of the frame is a no parking sign.